#summary Software that can be used instead of keyla

*[http://www.punto.ru/ Punto Switcher]* - an automatic switcher of English and Russian layouts. Freeware. I do not know whether it is translated into languages other than Russian.

Features:
  * indication of the current layout in the system tray
  * a shortcut to switch layouts cyclically
  * shortcuts to switch to a particular layout from the predefined list
  * AFAIK, it can provide single layout for all applications (i.e., global layout)

Disadvantages:
  * lots of other functionality that may be not useful for a user

*[http://haali.cs.msu.ru/winutils/ lswitch]* - a keyboard layout switcher, a simple console program. It is freeware and opensource.

Features:
  * enables you to set a key to switch layouts cyclically

*[http://yurez.narod.ru/capslang.html Capslang]* - a keyboard layout switcher. Enables you to switch the layout using !Caps !Lock. A simple console program. Freeware.

Features:
  * cyclical layout switching using !Caps !Lock key

*[http://www.autohotkey.com/ AutoHotKey]* - a free utility containing a powerful scripting language. It can be used to switch layout. One of solutions described in Russian can be found [http://kapustos.habrahabr.ru/blog/41726/ here]. Of course, it is freeware and opensource. But only a Russian-language interface is available, though this interface is intuitive.

Features:
  * indication of the current layout on keyboard LEDs
  * cyclical layout switching using !Caps !Lock or !Num !Lock or !Scroll !Lock key

*[http://www.switchit.ru/ Switch It!]* - a powerful keyboard layout switcher. It is free, but registration is required (AFAIK). Program's interface and description are in Russian.

Features:
  * indication of the current layout in the system tray
  * beep on layout switching
  * a shortcut to switch layout cyclically
  * can provide single layout for all applications (i.e., global layout)
  * can prohibit swithing layouts from without
