#summary keyla - a keyboard layout switcher

Keyla is a program that enables you to set keyboard shortcuts for switching keyboard layout. You may wish to have a look at  [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_Screenshots the brief description and screenshots]. There is also
[http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_Alternatives a list of software that can be used instead of keyla].

==== Supported Operating Systems ====

Keyla runs on Windows, starting with Windows XP. Earlier version of Windows have not been tested.

==== Localization ====

The program interface and installer are translated into English and Russian. If you'd like to help, please see [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_TranslatingTheProgram the program localization guide] and [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_TranslatingInstaller the installer localization guide].

==== Features ====

  * indication of the current layout in the system tray
  * a shortcut to change layouts cyclically
  * shortcuts to switch to a particular layout^1^
  * can make all applications use the only layout (i.e., the global layout)
  * can prohibit swithing layouts from without^2^

^1^ These shortcuts may be useful for those who use more than two keyboard layouts.

^2^ Keyla allows you to prevent switching layouts using the system shortcut or the Language bar or anything else except keyla itself.

Keyla currently contains icons for Russian and English layouts only. To learn how to add missing icons please see [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_AddingLayoutIcons the adding layout icons how-to].

[http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_ChangeLog Change log]

==== Help ====

If you'd like to participate in the development, look at [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_DevelopingTasks the developing tasks].

Also, I'll be glad if you localize the program (as mentioned earlier) or translate this description into another language. To learn how to translate the description please see [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/wiki/en_TranslatingWiki the Wiki localization guide].
