#summary Program localization guide

To localize keyla, you need to: (1) download source files, (2) translate them and (3) send changes to me. I (4) look at the translation, (5) add it to the project and (6) recompile the program. If the installer is already translated into the same language, I (7) increase keyla's version and (8) upload the new version to the site.

Download the resource files ([http://keyla.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/keyla/res/resource.rc one], [http://keyla.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/layoutHookDll/resource.rc two]) and for each of them do the following.

==== 1. Preparation ====

Copy any language section and paste it into the end of the file. For example, if you would like to create a translation based on the English-language one, copy the piece from

`// === english resources ======================================================`

to

`// === russian resources ======================================================`

(excluding the last line).
  
==== 2. Specifying the language ====

Change the comment in the top of the section and the language name. For example, if you are translating into Ukrainian, instead of

`// === english resources ======================================================`

`LANGUAGE LANG_ENGLISH,SUBLANG_DEFAULT`

use

`// === ukrainian resources=====================================================`

`LANGUAGE LANG_UKRAINIAN,SUBLANG_DEFAULT`
  
==== 3. Version information ====

Version information is located under the following comment:

`// ------- version info -------------------------------------------------------`

Find a piece of code looking like

`BLOCK "StringFileInfo"`

`BEGIN`

`BLOCK "040904b0"`

and replace the first four digits to the code of the language you are translating into excluding the beginning _0x_.

  The list of codes can be found at [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms776294(VS.85).aspx this MSDN page]. If the page is not found, please [http://search.msdn.microsoft.com/ search] for "Language Identifier Constants and Strings".

Find *in entire file* the instructions beginning with `VALUE "Translation"` and append to their parameter list the language code and `1200` separating them with commas. In this case _0x_ should be preserved.

Translate all the strings from within the section that take the second place in the parameter list near a `VALUE` keyword.
  
==== 4. Dialog boxes ====

Information about the dialog boxes is located under the following comment:

`// ------- dialogs ------------------------------------------------------------`

A dialog box is described with a piece of code like the following:

`... DIALOG ...`

`...`

`BEGIN`

`...`

`END`

You have to translate the string located in the code block bounded with `BEGIN` and `END` where all dialog box controls are described. The beginning and the end of the description of a control are indicated with indentation.

The description contains a keyword and a comma-separated parameter list. If the first parameter is a string, you have to translate this string. Otherwise, you have nothing to do with the control.

==== 5. Menus ====

Information about menus are located under the following comment:

`// ------- menus --------------------------------------------------------------`

Each menu is described with a piece of code like the following:

`... MENU`

`BEGIN`

`...`

`END`

You have to translate all the strings located within the block bounded with `BEGIN` and `END`.

==== 6. String table ====

String table is located under the following comment:

`// ------- string table -------------------------------------------------------`

It is described with a piece of code like the following:

`STRINGTABLE`

`BEGIN`

`...`

`END`

You have to translate all the strings located within the block bounded with `BEGIN` and `END`.

==== 7. Sending back the results ====

Please [http://code.google.com/p/keyla/issues/entry write an issue] and attach the changed resources file. If you don't have a Google account, send the file directly to me (earshinov at gmail dot com) with subject "Keyla localization".
